Okay, the header needs to be not transparent, because when you scroll down on the page, the header is transparent, and it basically mixes with the text that's on the page, so it creates confusion. Can you fix the picture of Onion Bhaji? Can you replace the Onion Bhaji with a picture? Can you replace the Lamb Biryani's picture, or see if the code is correct, because the Onion Bhaji and Lamb Biryani picture is not showing up. The Garlic Naan, change that picture on the Garlic Naan, that's not a Naan picture. And also, the Pilao Rice, Pilao Rice, change the Pilao Rice picture, because that's not Pilao Rice. Other than this, on the menu page, the text is really down on the page, so that text needs to come up near the header, and nothing clicks when I click on Home, this should go back to Home. About, when I click About, it doesn't open, Reservation doesn't open, Gallery doesn't open, Contact doesn't open. So all of these should be opening as Pages, you know. So I don't know why it's not working properly. I should be able to go back from the page, the Navigation needs to work properly. And on the main page, the text from the header, when I scroll down, the text from the header goes out of the header and shows on the page until I go down. So that needs to get fixed. The header needs to be fixed on all the pages. And underneath Welcome to NAS, underneath that, the View Menu and Book a Table, those buttons need to be properly designed. And there should be links to the main menu, and the main menu should be a full menu, because I gave you all the information. Even if you want the menu again, I'll give you the menu again. And the About sections and other sections in the text needs to be in the proper cards. The text needs to be properly designed, and the Hover function and whatever clicks should be able to click. When I press Order now, that should take to the menu page. And then at least the Gallery buttons don't work in the header. The Contact should take to a contact form or something to put email and everything, or to contact details. Reservations, when I click, doesn't work. Menu, About, Home. The header doesn't work, basically. Book a Table doesn't work. So basically, oh, that's good that you have the menu properly, Bread and Rice. But change the Garlic Naan picture and the Peshawari Naan picture as well. Oh no, leave the Peshawari Naan, but change the Garlic Naan. And change Pilao Rice. Put Rice picture in there, Pilao, not Burger. You've put a Burger picture there. Desserts, the Gulab Jamun, the traditional Indian dessert in sweet syrup. Make sure that it's not a cookie picture. You've put a cookie picture. So whichever picture you're putting, try to make sure the content in the picture is the same and the header needs to work. So once these things work, then we can see.