You know, there's still these places where I can't see this text. Delete what's between Outstanding Food and Services, and get it on Google Play. Delete what's between them, because it's just a border, and there's nothing in there I can't see. And where it says Download Our, you know, in the bottom sections of the what is Outstanding Food and Services, what is above that, you delete that between get it on Google Play, and then if you keep going up, then there is Download Our, order directly from your Fastest Service, an exclusive app only offers. That text or section needs to be corrected, because the text is just everywhere, and there is no proper alignment of that in a card or something. Then if you keep going up, up, up, then keep going up, what's between Book a Table and Aromatic Chicken Biryani? Delete what's between Book a Table and Aromatic Chicken Biryani, or delete what's underneath Aromatic Chicken Biryani and between Book a Table. So that thing needs to be deleted or taken out, because it looks really bad. And then why have you not fixed Tandoor Specialties, T-A-N-D-O-O-R Specialties, that doesn't have a color like the other ones, so that needs a solid color. And then keep going up, can you delete what's on top of About NAS? About NAS, just delete that from there, that order directly from your phone, an app for download coming soon, mobile app coming, delete that section, and leave the Spacious Venue, Convenient Location and Accessibility there. But what's between Buy Your Own Alcohol, Bring Your Own Drinks Welcome, underneath that is again this city section or a placeholder or something. Between Spacious Venues and Bring Your Own Drinks, delete that bit as well, what the heck is that, it keeps repeating. And then on top of Book a Table now, there is this arrow jumping up and down, that's not properly organized on mobile browsers, and even on normal browser, like a big computer browser, it's just jumping up and down there, it's not in a proper place or alignment on the page. Everything should be properly aligned, if it's centered, then it needs to be centered, if it's towards the left, then it needs to be toward the left or toward the right, so it should, you know, there should be coherence and properly organized. And what is this in the header, you can't, when I hover on top of it, they are not proper buttons, the Table Reservation should be a button or like Order Now, same as Order Now should be Table Reservations, Contact Gallery Reservation, Menu, About, Home, that should have the same thing. So all of these things need to be done properly, because I can't keep coming back and forth.