Okay, from bottom to top, yeah. I'm gonna tell you all the things. The text, which you've enclosed in all the cards and borders and corners, when I hover my mouse on top of them, it basically, the cursor changes to text, like I'm typing some text, so that is inside all the footer or the cards that are at the end, like opening hours, quick links, contacting food, NAS, restaurant, okay. Then I keep going up, opening hours, contact us is okay, read more reviews is okay, understanding food and services, those cards are okay, but above the outstanding food services, perfect groups, excellent location, above that, between the download our app, get it on Google Play, between those two, is some sort of thing that it's, I can't even see it, it's like a placeholder here on the site. There is a lot of space between that, that shouldn't do that, and the download our order directly from your phone, that text is just scattered there, it looks really bad, okay. Then even if I go up, experience NAS restaurant, that is inside, it is spacious venue, convenient location, accessible, that is not designed properly, you can't see the border, you can't see proper differentiation, it looks okay, but maybe it can be improved. Then go up, go up Forms, Gallery, now between Book a Table and the menu, which is Garlic Naan, Gulab Jamun, Aromatic Chicken Biryani, between that, the View Full Menu, tap that button, that needs to have a solid color, it doesn't, it disappears if I don't hover on top of it, I can't even see the text, I have to hover on top of it, and then I'm able to see the text, that's not good, and it should have a solid color, not transparent, and also between Book a Table and the View Full Menu, there is a lot of space, properly organize all the spaces between tabs and cards and content areas, okay. Then the Tandoori Specialist, when I hover on top of it, it turns yellow, that should be a solid color, if I don't hover on top of it, it's transparent white, but if I hover on top of it, it's, it turns yellow, it shouldn't do that, it should have a solid color. Then going up, going up, it says Download our Orders Directly from Your Phone, Quick and Convenient Ordering, Call Us Directly, then on top of that is Spacious Venue, Convenient Location, Accessibility, but then on top of that, again between Christmas Offer and underneath the Spacious Venue, Convenient Location, there is a lot of space, and again there is a, like a placeholder here, I can see, and I can't see no text or nothing in there, that either needs to be removed, or either needs to be fixed properly. So, yeah, can you do all of these changes, make sure you properly understand them, and don't miss anything.